Documentation.md, before:

First Commit (22-07-2024) -
    I have set up a Vite React app and started this project. Before getting started I installed a few packages I would be using in this project:
        - Headless UI
        - Redux Toolkit
        - Clsx
        - moment
        - React Icons
        - React Router Dom
        - Recharts
        -Sonner
    After This I created a Folder Structure with the pages I will be using in this project.

Second Commit (22-07-2024) -
    After Setting up the basics require for the app, I started making my first page. I added private and public routes in the app page, then started working on login page. The page consists of two containers, One with app name and motto and the other with a login form asking for email and password. I will be changing the name and motto when something creative comes to my mind but for now let it be what it is. I also created 2 components, a textbox component and a button component, both of these components will come in handy later in the project.

Commit message:

Sidebar and Navbar Component completed

Documentation.md, after:

First Commit (22-07-2024) -
I have set up a Vite React app and started this project. Before getting started I installed a few packages I would be using in this project: - Headless UI - Redux Toolkit - Clsx - moment - React Icons - React Router Dom - Recharts
-Sonner
After This I created a Folder Structure with the pages I will be using in this project.

Second Commit (22-07-2024) -
After Setting up the basics require for the app, I started making my first page. I added private and public routes in the app page, then started working on login page. The page consists of two containers, One with app name and motto and the other with a login form asking for email and password. I will be changing the name and motto when something creative comes to my mind but for now let it be what it is. I also created 2 components, a textbox component and a button component, both of these components will come in handy later in the project.

Third Commit (23-07-2024) -
I created some important components which can be used throught the application. First is a Sidebar component which has all the controlls a user and a admin has access to. Second is a Navbar component which has all the navigation buttons, I also made them responsive to work smothly on the mobile device as well on the desktop. Apart form these I also setup redux toolkit and its slices.
